Improve common failure cases of Helm CLI Quick Start (#4233)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/quick-start-guide/deployment/quickstart-manual-setup/_index.md

Install a K3s cluster by running this command on the Linux machine:

```
curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | INSTALL_K3S_VERSION="***" sh -s - server --cluster-init
```

Rancher needs to be installed on a supported Kubernetes version. To specify the K3s version, use the INSTALL_K3S_VERSION environment variable when running the K3s installation script. Refer to the [support maintenance terms](https://rancher.com/support-maintenance-terms/).

> Using `--cluster-init` allows K3s to use embedded etcd as the datastore and has the ability to convert to an HA setup. Refer to [K3s HA embedded](https://rancher.com/docs/k3s/latest/en/installation/ha-embedded/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `--cluster-init` allows K3s to use embedded etcd as the datastore and has the ability to convert to an HA setup. Refer to [High Availability with Embedded DB](https://rancher.com/docs/k3s/latest/en/installation/ha-embedded/).
```

Reviewer: Using the exact same title of the doc would be better

The final command to install Rancher is below. The command requires a domain name that forwards traffic to the Linux machine. For the sake of simplicity in this tutorial, you can use a fake domain name to create your proof-of-concept. An example of a fake domain name would be `<IP_OF_LINUX_NODE>.sslip.io`.

> To install a specific Rancher version, use the `--version` flag, example: `--version 2.6.6`. Otherwise, the latest Rancher is installed by default. Refer to [Choosing a Rancher Version]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/resources/choosing-version/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a specific Rancher version, use the `--version` flag (e.g., `--version 2.6.6`). Otherwise, the latest Rancher is installed by default. Refer to [Choosing a Rancher Version]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/resources/choosing-version/).
```
